[NARRATOR]
A fire has been lit under Uzaki,
as she realizes Sakurai's
graduation is fast approaching.
But her inexperience shows
when she resorts
to a middle school
bento strategy!
Later on, her younger sister
Yanagi stops by the café
during Uzaki's shift,
and in no time at all
has Sakurai addressing
her by her first name.
As expected, Uzaki is furious.
She's been trying for months
to be on a first-name basis
with him, and now
within minutes,
her little sister has
left her in the dust!
What will happen next!
[UZAKI] Are you kidding me?
I can't believe you!
[SAKURAI]
Calm down, will you?
[UZAKI]
What do you mean calm down?
I am calm! You think
this is my fault?
[SAKURAI] Ugh, that's not
what I'm trying to say.
Well then what exactly
are you trying to say?
If you'd just calm down,
we can talk about it.
[UZAKI] I'm not the problem
here, Mister, you are!
Oh, I see what's going on here.
Looks like those two still
aren't on a first-name basis.
If you think about it,
that's actually kinda cute.
It really is.
But, when they're alone
this isn't a problem, right?
Or is it?
Uh, I'm pretty sure
it's always a problem.
Think about it, if it weren't,
would they be
fighting right now?
Hang on, are you telling me
they're not even dating yet?
I like to think of it
as part of their charm.
It's what makes them "them."
You know what I mean?
Aren't you supposed to be off?
I heard Hana's sister
was stopping by,
so I ran over as
fast as I could!
Nice to meet you! I'm Ami Asai,
I work with Sakurai and Hana,
we all go to the same college
together. Yanagi, right?
Yeah. Nice to meet you?
You sure are Hana's sister,
all right. What a cutie!
[YANAGI]
Oh, uh, thank you.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Everything
about this feels wrong.
It's a bit too convenient
that she'd show up
right as things are
getting interesting.
It's like she has a sixth sense.
How could Ami have known
this was happening?
Unless!
[SAKURAI] Huh? Well, okay.
Yanagi it is then.
[UZAKI]
I knew this was gonna happen!
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR] At that moment,
the café owner was fighting
the notion his daughter had
finally gone to the dark side.
Oop--hold please.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Hm?
[ASAI] I don't want to miss
a second of whatever this is!
What? Would you stop
making that face, Uzaki?
[UZAKI growls]
Hana...
Doesn't count! Come on Shinichi!
You have to use my
first name, remember?
That's your punishment
for the rest of the day.
Man, do we have to?
This is so embarrassing.
I don't see what's
so embarrassing!
It's just my name!
I happen to be quite fond of it,
thank you very much!
[SAKURAI sighs]
I'm sorry.
[UZAKI growls]
Listen Hana,
your name is just fine.
That isn't the problem here.
[UZAKI]
Hm?
This is so awkward to say.
If we're on a first name basis,
don't you think that'll
give people the idea
that we're really close?
What the hell, are you
saying we're not close?
Whoa! What? No!
Shinichi! For once in your
life will you think about
the words that come out
of your mouth, Shinichi?
I swear you are so
hopeless Shinichi!
Are you even listening,
Shinichi?
[YANAGI] Wow, she's really
milking this "Shinichi" thing
for all it's worth, isn't she.
[CAFÉ OWNER laughing]
You're right. I-I didn't
mean it and I'm sorry. Okay?
I mean, we do spend most
of our time together,
and you've been
there for me a lot.
Sure, we piss each other
off here and there,
but we always
bounce back, right?
I shouldn't have been
so quick to write us off.
I acknowledge
we're close friends.
So, does that mean
what I think it means?
Are you gonna call me
Hana from now on?
I dunno.
What?! After all that?!
What the hell, man?!
I'm not even convinced you know
why you won't use my first name.
So let's unpack this
once and for all.
Tell me in front of
everyone why you won't
call me Hana and be honest!
What?
Do you take this for granted?
We've been friends for so long,
it doesn't matter
how you treat me?
Because I'm dead serious,
I'm about to lose it with you
if you keep disrespecting
me the way you are!
[SAKURAI]
No, it's nothing like that!
[UZAKI]
Then what is it?!
Look, I don't mean to be rude,
but you don't have many friends
and out of all of them,
I am by far your closest!
And what do I get?
[SAKURAI]
Ami.
Itsuhito.
Ms. Tsuki.
Yanagi.
Kitties!
Uzaki...
[SAKURAI]
That is not what I sound like!
[UZAKI]
Now listen up, Shinichi.
We've known each other
for five years now!
Since high school!
Do you have any idea
how long that is?
Uh, yeah. It's five years.
And yet not five minutes--five
minutes--after you meet her!
Sorry! Jeez. I didn't mean
anything by it, I swear.
[UZAKI]
I'm the only one who gets
the last-name treatment.
Was I wrong this whole time
thinking I meant
something to you?
Do you not consider me
worthy of being treated
the same way you
treat everyone else?
Is there something
wrong with me, Shinichi?
What? No, hang on.
Just give me a second
to think, okay?
I'm just feeling put
on the spot is all.
I... I guess I have Ami to thank
for the first name thing.
She's been pushing me
really hard lately
to stop being so
formal all the time.
And well, out of everyone,
yours is the only one
I'm struggling with.
How do I say this...?
It's just you're really
special to me.
Wait who said that?
[gasping]
[SAKURAI]
Huh? What?
[UZAKI] Y-You just said that
I... I was special to you.
[SAKURAI]
I did?
[UZAKI]
You did.
Who, me?
Definitely.
[SAKURAI]
I said it to you?
[UZAKI]
To me!
But why?
I dunno! Why are you askin' me?
You're the one who said it!
But, I mean, if that's how
you really feel about me...
Wait... No!
Who am I to change your mind?
Special it is!
[NARRATOR]
Confidence restored!
[SAKURAI] Uh, hey Uzaki?
Can we forget I said that?
[UZAKI]
Nope, already heard it!
And what did I tell you
about today's rule?
[SAKURAI]
Hana.
[UZAKI]
What is it, my darling Shinichi?
[SAKURAI growls]
Yep, they're in love.
It's kinda cringe to
watch them, actually.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Definitely in love.
[ASAI]
Definitely.
[YANAGI] One problem,
that guy's a total airhead.
It's gonna be real hard
for Hana to win him over.
Ah, well. I suppose
I'll just have to lend
my big sis a hand, now won't I?
[YANAGI]
I'm home!
Welcome back, honey!
Crazy how cold it is out there.
[CATS meowing]
Aw, looks like someone's
happy to see me!
A fur coat like yours would
be nice right about now.
Oh, right! Guess who
I met today, Mom?
I visited Hana at her
job and met Sakurai!
Oh dear, why am I not surprised
you ended up at the café.
Just remember
that's their workplace
and try not to bother
them too much.
I don't think it was
too much of a problem.
At any rate, they happened to
be closed when I stopped by.
Oh? I wonder why.
Beats me, but the owner
and his daughter
spent the entire time watching
sis while they ate rice.
They were eating rice?
It's funny.
He has such scary eyes but
after you get to know him,
he's actually
really easy to talk to.
He's super into games.
I wonder if he'd be into
going a few rounds
with me some time.
Who am I to change
your mind? Special it is!
Heh. The two of them
are so cute.
Hana tries to hide it,
but it's so obvious
that she's madly
in love with him.
Yes. She is, isn't she?
[TSUKI] Yanagi seems to have
taken quite a liking to Sakurai.
Goodness, if only
my little girl knew
just how depraved
that boy really was.
[SAKURAI]
Who has time for monogamy?
You ladies don't have to
wait your turn with me.
I'm happy to take both
of you at the same time
if you know what I mean.
[SAKURAI laughing]
[TSUKI] I'd hoped being
with Hana would put an end
to all his debauchery.
[NARRATOR]
Tsuki seems to have decided
her daughter and Sakurai
are already dating.
Among other things.
[TSUKI gasps] But wait, even
if things have settled down
between that boy and my Hana,
he could still turn his
unquenchable thirst
toward Yanagi!
And then who knows what!
My babies! It's one thing
to lust after me, but them?
He's pretty cool!
I wonder if he'd ever want to
hang out just the two of us?
Yanagi, you can't!
Huh?
Think about it, sweetheart,
you're in middle school!
I don't want you alone with him!
I'm sorry but I'm putting
my foot down here.
The next time you
go to that café,
you're bringing me with you!
Really?
[TSUKI]
Do you understand me?
Yeah, sure. Understood.
[TSUKI] That should've
gone without saying.
She's a middle-schooler!
But now that I think about it,
even Hana is still a child!
It's up to me as their
mother to guide them!
[YANAGI] I appreciate her
looking out and all,
but middle-schoolers go to
cafés all the time nowadays.
Does she just wanna
go to the café, too?
My, my! What's going on here?
Don't tell me you're
having fun without me.
You've got me curious,
fill me in!
Did you go out? It must
be a special occasion--
you usually stay
home on Sundays!
I want to hear all about it!
Come on Yanagi, tell me!
It's nothing serious, Daddy.
Don't worry about it.
It doesn't have
anything to do with you!
But why not?
I wanted to have fun, too.
I'm lonely.
[YANAGI]
This is for the best.
If I tell Dad,
he'll totally freak out.
[KIRI grumbling]
Oh, hey Kiri.
You studying or something?
I hope we're not
being too loud in here.
Let us know if we are, okay?
Is it me, or does
Kiri seem upset?
[TSUKI] Poor kid is up
to his neck in finals.
He's been stressed out all week.
[FUJIO] And to top it all off,
he's not very good at studying.
[YANAGI] Well, I'll be right
there with him.
I've got exams this week, too.
Better get to it then!
But I know you'll do fine,
you're our "A"
student after all!
Much better than
your brother, anyway!
I'm right here, ya know.
I can hear you talking!
I'm so sick of this!
I wanna work out!
Oh yeah, that's right.
There's no club stuff
during exams week, huh.
Good, your studies
are more important.
You worked hard to get
into that high school--
I expect you to keep at it.
That means keeping your
grades up, understand?
Look at it this way, you can
do all the club activities
you want once finals are over.
Yeah, I know, but if I wait,
it's not gonna be the same.
Oh yeah, right. Winter's
for building stamina.
It's all running and
weight training, isn't it?
So if you start up after exams,
you won't be on the same
level as everyone else.
Yeah, exactly!
[TSUKI]
I don't see what any of this
has to do with studying, Mister.
Yes, I know.
Studying comes first.
[KIRI] Ugh, I hate this. I
always get anxious during exams.
I've gotta find
some way to relax.
[KIRI]
Hey, Dad?
[FUJIO]
Hm?
I've got a really
big favor to ask,
but you can't tell Mom about it.
Kiri.
Whatever it is, you can
count on dear old dad to help!
[NARRATOR] After being slighted
by his daughter and feeling
especially vulnerable,
he was thrilled to have
his rebellious son
come calling for a favor.
Regardless of what it was.
This's what I'm talkin' about!
Finally, some exercise!
[KIRI] It'll be great to get rid
of all this pent-up energy.
All that studying was
driving me up the wall.
I'm using every second of
this free pass Dad got me.
This place is so freakin' clean!
Must be really fancy.
Might be worth
signing up for real.
[NARRATOR] Kiri Uzaki, 17,
high-school junior.
An unremarkable member
of the swim team
with times barely above average.
An ambitious young man.
A mediocre athlete.
Dad was telling me most of the
people who visit this place
are seniors, and sure enough,
gramps and grannies galore.
This is gonna be epic!
With no one my age around,
I'll be a god among men!
[NARRATOR]
Keep on dreaming, little guy.
All right, let's do this!
Time to find an outlet for
this exam-induced rage!
[OLD MAN A grunting]
[KIRI] Oh man, is that
seriously the level
we're operating at here?
This'll be fun.
Let's start with this one.
Oh! You youngsters sure
are built different!
That must be so heavy!
Actually, you'd be surprised.
I usually go way
heavier than this.
I'm just a bit rusty
with clubs out of session,
so I gotta ease in.
[KIRI grunting]
Look at that!
I didn't know humans
were capable of lifting
that much weight!
What a strong young man!
You flatter me, ma'am,
but this is nothing special.
[OLD PEOPLE]
Oooh!
Wait until you see this.
[NARRATOR]
When using a bench press,
always maintain proper form,
and remember to set
your safety bars correctly.
My boy! Don't you think that's
a little heavy for your size?
No way. I should be lifting
more, I'm just a bit rusty.
Young muscles are amazing!
I told you... This is nothing...
[MAN A grunting]
[KIRI gasping]
[KIRI]
Guess I shouldn't be surprised.
There's bound to be at
least a few buff old people.
No big deal, I'll just avoid
working out near him.
[KIRI panting]
Oh, wow. That's fast!
[laughs] It's not so bad.
I'm just warming up
at a lower speed before I
kick it up a few notches.
Really? You don't say,
faster than that?
You're something else!
I'm telling you, I...
[WOMAN A panting]
[KIRI]
Uh...
Get wrecked.
[KIRI]
Uh...
[KIRI screaming]
[groans]
Oh! Hey there, Sakurai!
Any chance the pool's open? Was
hoping to get some practice in.
Of course! Feel free to
use it as long as you like.
You're a fairly
experienced swimmer, right?
I'll go ahead and sign off now
for you to use
the advanced lane.
What makes it "advanced"?
We just reserve it for athletes.
It's on the far right
as you enter.
You'll pretty much
have it all to yourself.
[NARRATOR] Side note,
rules may vary from gym to gym,
so always remember
to check first.
[FUJIO] We have the whole pool
divided into lanes and labeled.
But seeing as most of our
clientele are older folks
with bad legs,
a lot of it goes to waste.
[SAKURAI]
Huh. You don't say.
Like I said, you'll probably
have it to yourself,
so don't hesitate to go all out!
And let me know if
you need anything, okay?
Sounds good to me.
Thanks for the pro tip.
[FUJIO] I'd recognize that
thousand-yard stare anywhere.
Sakurai must have something
on his mind again.
I bet it's girl trouble.
Oh, to be young again.
[NARRATOR]
Poor Fujio still had no idea
the "girl" in question
was his own daughter.
Dammit! Why are there so many
gym-rat geezers in this place?
Whatever, it's time
for the real work out.
[KIRI] It'll feel so good to
swim again! It's been a while.
I bet this indoor pool
will be happy
to have an actual athlete
using it for once! Huh?
Oh what, I thought I'd have
the advanced lane to myself.
Who's this random dude?
Eh, I mean he can't be
that great if he comes
to a gym full of
old people, right?
I'm sure he's nothing
to worry about.
Ooo wee! We've got some real
swimmers in the pool today!
They're even using
the advanced lane!
Are you sure they're human?
I've never seen
anyone swim like that!
[OLD MAN F]
You know, I'll tell ya!
Watching them brings me back!
It must feel great
to swim like that!
[KIRI screaming]
[NARRATOR]
It did not feel great.
[KIRI] What the hell?
How is he so fast?
He's leaving me
in the dust here!
Dammit, Dad, why did I agree
to come to this stupid gym!
How am I supposed
to blow off stream
with this guy
stealing all my glory?
I don't know who he is,
but he's in my lane and
he's pissing me off!
That does it! I'm catching
up to him no matter what!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
in Sakurai's inner monologue:
[SAKURAI] So much for
trying to clear my head.
It's just, you're
really special to me.
[UZAKI gasping]
[SAKURAI]
The more time passes,
the more I find myself
obsessing over it!
It's just, you're
really special to me.
[SAKURAI groans] Why did I say
that? What was I thinking?
I'll just have to
swim even harder,
until I can't focus
on anything else!
I'll swim until I pass out!
[NARRATOR]
Exercise was quickly becoming
an unhealthy means of
escaping his anxiety.
[SAKURAI]
Be gone, thoughts!
It's just, you're
really special to me.
Forget! Forget,
damn you, forget!
You're really special to me.
[KIRI]
Dammit! This dude is insane!
But I haven't given up yet!
I will catch up!
[KIRI] Huh?
Wait, did he lap me already?
He's a monster!
You know what, fine! I give up!
Who the hell is this guy?
[panting]
[KIRI]
That was... the hardest
I've ever pushed and
he still lapped me twice.
[KIRI] My body feels like
it's about to give out.
The other guy seemed fine.
What am I doing here.
No! I'm just out of shape from
all that studying, that's all!
I wasn't at the top of my game,
and he took advantage of it!
That's right. What a loser!
[NARRATOR] Like the sore loser
he was, he came up with
excuse after excuse to
let himself off the hook.
[KIRI] I'm at my worst,
mentally and physically!
Not to mention it wasn't a club
activity or a tournament.
My head wasn't in the game!
I didn't give it my all.
Yeah, that's right.
If I were in peak condition,
there's no way he'd outswim me.
It's him!
[KIRI gasping]
[screaming]
Again? What happened this time?
Dunno, I've been afraid to go
near him ever since he got home.
Maybe he'll cheer up
if we make him one of his
favorite dishes tonight?
I'm home!
Hi, girls! Uh,
where's your mother?
I think she went to go
take a bath, what's up?
Nothing! Oh! Hey!
How'd it go, kiddo?
Did you like your dad's gym?
You know nothing would make me
happier than if you signed up!
Huh? What's wrong?
Somethin' happen?
Are you in shock over
how sweet our gear is?
And how about that
advanced lane in the pool?
I bet you killed it!
[KIRI gasping]
[FUJIO]
Uh, what is it?
[NARRATOR] A sense of failure
unlike anything the boy
had ever known had been forever
etched into his very soul.